Feature/build guides (#25)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/developer/interface/command-line-parameters.md

# Command Line Parameters

You can launch Interface with the following parameters.

Displays help dialog

    -?, -h, --help

Displays version information

    -v, --version

> Startup at specified URL location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start up at specified URL location
```

    --url=<value>

Displays the protocol version

    --protocolVersion

Do not show the auto-updater

    --no-updater

> Check to see if the machine meets the minimum specification requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks to see if the machine meets the minimum specification requirements.
```

    --checkMinSpec

Whether to run the server

    --runserver

> (Needs clarification!) Port to listen on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port to listen on. (Needs clarification!) 
```

    --listenPort=<port>

Where to find server content

    --serverContentPath=<path>

Set cache location. Defaults to the operating system local data path.

    --cache=<path>
    
Set path for defaultScripts.

    --scripts=<path>

Allow multiple instances of the interface to run simultaneously.

    --allowMultipleInstances

Preferred displays.

    --displays=<device>

> Disable display plugin. Possible devices include "OpenVR (Vive)", "Oculus Rift"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable display plugin. Possible devices include "OpenVR (Vive)", "Oculus Rift".
```

Additionally, it would be quite nice to terminate all other descriptions with "."s.

    --disable-displays=<device>

> Disable input plugin. Possible devices include "OpenVR (Vive)", "Oculus Rift"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable input plugin. Possible devices include "OpenVR (Vive)", "Oculus Rift".
```

    --disable-inputs=<device>

Suppress the prompt to reset interface settings

    --suppress-settings-reset

> Let the Oculus plugin know if the interface was run from the Oculus Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let the Oculus plugin know if Interface was run from the Oculus Store
```

    --oculus-store

Emulate a standalone device

    --standalone

Disable the watchdog thread. The interface will crash on deadlocks.

    --disableWatchdog

(Needs clarification!)

    --system-cursor

Maximum concurrent resource downloads. Default is 16, except for Android where it is 4.

    --concurrent-downloads=<value>

Override the avatar URL

    --avatarURL=<url>

Replaces the Avatar URL. If both this and --avatarURL is set, this one takes precedence. 

    --replaceAvatarURL=<url>

Bookmarks are expected to be in a name=url form. An `=` character in the name or url is unsupported.

>     --setBookmark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --setBookmark <name=url>
```

# Command Line Parameters

> You can launch an interface with these parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch Interface with the following parameters.
```

> 

Reviewer: There are further command line parameters per: https://wiki.fluffy.ws/wiki/Interface_CLI_Parameters

Author: I realize now I never inputted the interface CLI parameters properly, I corrected this now.

Displays help information

    -h, --help

Displays version information

    -v, --version

> ICE-Server address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICE server address
```

    -i <IP:PORT or HOSTNAME:PORT>

> Domain Server UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain server UUID
```

    -d <uuid>

> Request a temporary domain name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests a temporary domain name
```

Author: Kind of a funny thing for the interface to be doing but oh well...

    --get-temp-name

<path> User config file path

    --user-config

> Displays help information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays the PID of the parent process
```
Or does it set the PID of the parent process, in which case the parameter is missing?

    --parent_pid

> PID of the parent process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PID of the parent process
```
Displays help information
